Hello again!

MAJOR progress has occured.

Communication with the Italian company who runs the blockchain paying pollution tracking to the blockchain crowd-hiring 
peer reviewable muteable data collection, a spin off of CERN has replied but they are burdened being in Italy with the speed of things.

I am asking the staff to extend the hackathon more for everyone to give us another extra week for BOTH of the projects.

Update for 3/26/2020:

We have now 4 mentors and 1 coder interested in the 2 projects.

{The other is: https://github.com/cleancoindev/CarbonBounty}

The coder who has joined is in Berlin and codes a Offset smartcontract for blockchain transactions!

This will give us the ability for parnters/owners of our tokens/investors to switch on a switch to pay offsets and 
Burn Carbon Credit Fiat to offset their GHG/Carbon gas cost to offset their emissions via burned tokenized carbon credits worth 
100 USDC/ton globally.

Let me introduce them for the hackathon staff to see what is going on:

Mentor 1 and 2:
	
mseq27:

Hi all , I am a mentor (a late addition) for the program and am available for Marketing support. 

I worked with an IoT and Blockchain company builder with a background in developing Channel Marketing and Communication launch 
strategies and campaigns. Worked on fundraising campaigns for homeless charity and Cochair the Women in Blockchain NFP in Berlin.  
Based on your deliverables, I can definitely help with Marketing tests, pitch review/ prep for target market & opportunity, comp. 
Analysis, customer segment validation and overall comms. 

Feel free to drop me a msg or request to set up a call.

I'm based in Berlin, timezone is GMT / UTC + 2. 

She has joined.

	
dereksilva

Hi there. I'm an entrepreneur, product manager, SysAdmin, and community manager. More recently I've been working with decentralized 
identity, inclusive credit/finance/DeFi and decentralized VPN platforms on their communities, producing lots of documentation and 
content, etc. I own getshuffle.com and commcomm.xyz where I do all the marketing, product management, support, etc.

I'm also a mentor, late addition clearly.

I'm near Toronto, time zone is GMT-5 (currently 11:18).

He has joined.

Mentors 3 and 4:

"Hello, here is Lucas and Isabela from Itau, a brazilian bank, with a specialized structure for climate finance and sustainable 
solutions. I'm here for mentoring, so if you guys need help let us know."
---
"Hi @cleancoindev! Yes, we have a structure focused in climate finance

And opportunities and solutions that can cause positive impact to financial systems

Frameworks and structures like TCFD, for example, guide us to create a more climate-responsible-world."
---

Hi @cleancoindev, I'm so sorry for letting you waiting. Things here are a little bit complicated due the covid-19 - we are making the 
best efforts to adapt ourselves

I really would appreciate to have a conference chat with you guys

For us, Microsoft Teams works better - it's a homologated software allowed in our company

Can you send us an e-mail? Thus I schedule a meeting
