Log of contact with GitCoin hackathon chat about this project ==>  A project update report.
	
cleancoindev:

Hello Channel Team Members for this hackathon goal.

Mainly this is a work of communication at this time because we need to get the other company doing this on board.  Italy is in lockdown somewhat so I am attempting to contact the team one at a time on their linkedin.

So far I have written the Scientific Partnership person and he did not reply for 2 days now.  I will write the CEO next.

I have already the partnership with Sky Solutions 501c3 set up.  They are 100% on board for this work and can generate between 16 and 30 billion carbon credits per year with global work and are ready to monetize the carbon credit system with a global price of 100/ton on all carbon credits in the system and have branding and sub-tokens in the system that intake all carbon credit standards.

Comms with Gold Standard carbon credits have been made and they are updating their system and will get back to me when its time for them to integrate into other systems but are somewhat on board. 

I will create a intake currency that establishes fiat value for any carbon credit in the world to make them have liquidity and fungibility and reduce friction in carbon credit trading to zero. {bank mentors take note, I want to do a deep dive into this carbon credit tokenization.  I have most of the system protocol planned out, now i just need help coding it all.  I have spent the last 3 months studying DeFi so to build this system and fork several protocols.

I have communicated with Insta-D-App owner and he has agreed to make us the 4th protocol listed.

We plan to fork Compound, MakerDAO, dydx, and a few others that are open sourced to make a fully green carbon credit backed version of the various protocols and systems.

This is the state of this project so far over the last month of work on it or so.

I have hundreds of projects forked into my repo now because there's various other systems and component legos i wish to use in the future.

All the code we need is already done, we just need to weave it all together and I'd like to hear the guidance of the Brazilian Green Economic specialists for guidance on some of the more detailed and nuanced systems in the carbon credit project that is ongoing parallel to the pollution work. 
